I want to create a mini ecosystem in my bedroom,But I don't know anything about ecology. So, I must learn about ecology.

But I am hungry now. I want to order some takeaway(takeout) meal with fish. But I didn't see any takeaway food with fish.

But I really want to eat it. I got dressed and prepared to go to a fish pond to catch some fish. I met a fisherman in this fishpond, He taught me some fishing techniques.

I also asked him some techniques, This knowledge happens to be useful for the mini ecosystem I'm trying to build.

I'm going home now. Because tomorrow is my workday.

Yes, Monday to Friday is my workdays，Saturday and Sunday is my holiday.
I overcame the difficulties and created a mini ecosystem.

Later, the fisherman invited me to his home, He introduced me to one of his favorite fishes, which he said was his lifelong companion. Tell me how he became a fisherman overnight.

He took out his granddaughter's textbook again and asked me if had read them in my childhood.

Yes, I have read these books, and I have them in a bookstore near my hometown.

He showed me around his grandson's room, which had a computer and a cool keyboard that his grandson had handmade.

He also told me that he was a gentleman when he was younger.

What industry did you work in when you were younger?

I was a secret agent when I was younger, and she didn't know about my job when she wasn't my wife. At that time, we were not living together at the time, and we just used postcards to communicate.

So how did you get your wife's postcard?

postman.

